if you give an engine a truck he will
want to take the truck all around Sodor
and if you want to see wants to take it
all around Sodor then the other engine
will get sad and miss that truck and
want to go after it and if he goes after
it then it appears the other engine has
already gotten used to it and if he's
already gotten used to it then it will
become a fistfight and if it becomes a
fistfight then they try to forgive each
other and if they try to forgive each
other then they're both going to go
watch Smosh and if they go both watch
Smosh they're go they're going to find
the food babbles two thousand six to ten
and if they find food bowels six through
ten then they're going to argue which
one is better
Ian or Anthony and the engine that bet
on means that's going to become another
fistfight and in fact may be winning
with knives and guns and if it becomes
with knives and guns then one of the
engines will be stabbed and if one of
the engines are stabbed then the series
will be over and if the series is over
all the people who hated it will go yay
and all the people who miss seasons 1
through 7 will go oh and there's people
go like that because of the seasons then
they're going to go watch nigahiga and
if they go watch nigahiga they're going
to find out he became sick and most
subscribed and if they figured out he
became sick and most subscribed oh
they're going to go watch
raywilliamjohnson
and if they watch raywilliamjohnson then
they'll figure out that their videos
were recorded and if their videos were
recorded then they're going to sue them
for copyright laws & 2face through
people for copyright laws then they're
going to get 1 million bucks and if they
get 1 million bucks each they're going
to shoot themselves and if they shoot
themselves then the magic will bring
them back alright and if the magic
brings them back Thomas is back on Sodor
she brings Thomas back and the series is
not over then everyone's going to figure
out that this whole thing was a dream
and if they figure out that this whole
thing was a dream
they're going to go shoot themselves and
if they go shoot themselves the earth
will blow up by that purse is why we
should never argue over free car I agree
there you go wait I don't we don't know
my free cars we did but all that stuff
was so awesome I want to really happen
what